 -*- mode:text -*-


ASDF is a nifty system definition facility for Common Lisp that
manages to cause confusion and nightmares for many people who have the
misfoutrunate to be intrioduced to programming with a modern, narrowly
implemented OS environment such as Microsoft, Unix/Linux, or the
Macintosh.  

Common Lisp separates the files containing program code from the
loading into the programming language system in a way which is
different from commonly used tools such as Java, C++, or Python.
Those tools can link object heirarchies with the text files containing
code which describe such objects.  Common Lisp has no such
restriction, and this lack of restriction requires, for many, an eye
opening change in how we view the programming paradigm.

This toy package provides a silly example of a complex ASDF system, to
use as a start for development and planning of a complex system
environment.  The use of modules and subdirectories should help
illustrate the flexibility and reuse possibilites of having the system
definition language be implemented in a fully-featured programming
language.  

This work is the result of review of examples from many Open Source
projects, and commonly found (as well as rare) paradigms have been
lifted as patterns from the "open source ASDF literature".  

Some people that must be acknowledged though they might not realize it
include Cyrus Harmon, Gary King, and ....   Also, the IRC #lisp
channel has provided lots of insight and clarification in answering
the questions of others.
